# Original

When I was five years old, I despaired about finding my ‘thing’: my one particular interest or passion. One of my older brothers loved trains, another loved animals, but I hadn’t found my special interest. Looking back, I think that this is because I am interested in so many things: music, math, engineering, physics, programming, philosophy, and more.

I grew up in a nerdy family, and we often watched videos about science: late night movies were NOVA documentaries (and morning TV was Star Trek). When I discovered YouTube in elementary school, I became obsessed with watching physics and math videos. I read books and audiobooks in bed (scolded by my mom for reading Michio Kaku until far past midnight). My public school didn't teach any science until middle school, and had no advanced math classes, but with videos and books I had the joy of learning on my own.

By third grade, I had developed a love for relativity. When I mentioned it to a family friend, she told me that if I really wanted to have my mind blown I should look into quantum physics. She was absolutely right. Quantum physics immediately became my new interest, and I learned everything I could on the subject. I was especially enraptured by the theoretical and philosophical implications. I couldn’t compute a wave function (I was 12 after all), but I learned all I could about superposition and teleportation and more. I absolutely loved quantum physics, and I wanted to share that joy with others, so I wrote and eventually published a book called Quantum Mechanics for Kids: A Humorous, Easy-to-Read, Math-Free Book on a Very Perplexing Subject in the summer after sixth grade.

With so much time spent learning, working on, and enjoying physics, I thought that I had finally found my ‘thing.’ However, as my interests have developed over the years, I’ve found mathematics to be as elegant as relativity and computer science to be as engrossing as quantum mechanics; I’ve delved into college philosophy courses on ethics and politics and I’ve composed dozens of pieces of music ranging from a grand fantasia for the pipe organ to a contrapuntal andante for a string quartet; I’ve been able to take classes on general relativity with Brian Greene, computer science with Stephen Wolfram, and philosophy with George Ellis through the World Science Scholars program; and I’ve realized that picking one singular passion isn’t as important to me as it used to be.

Of all the projects that I’ve worked on, of all my late nights forgetting basic needs and forgoing sleep for hours on end in order to program, to solve, or to understand a topic, the projects that I’ve enjoyed the most have been multidisciplinary. Some of the best academic experiences I’ve ever had have been at the MIT Beaverworks Quantum Software course, where I was challenged to understand complex quantum physics, abstract linear algebra, and difficult computer science algorithms. Some of my favorite projects to program have been about physics simulations, musical tunings, or computer algebra systems. Some of the most elegant insights I’ve gotten from mathematics have been where seemingly disparate subjects came together to solve a putatively impossible problem.

Although I’ve wanted to find my ‘thing,’ the more time I’ve spent exploring different subjects, the more often I’ve found that much of my intellectual strength relies on the breadth as well as the depth of my knowledge. Being able to understand many different subjects allows me to see connections between them, and seeing these connections allows me to enjoy each subject even more than if it were my sole passion.

# Outline




# New Draft


