### MIT brings people with diverse backgrounds together to collaborate, from tackling the world’s biggest challenges to lending a helping hand. Describe one way you have collaborated with others to learn from them, with them, or contribute to your community together.

WSRP: first time collaboration has really helped me

Collaboration is treated with unfortunate frequency solely as a way to divvy up work amongst a group of people. For a long time, having been exposed to simplistic school group projects, bystander effect-plagued whole class assignments, and often unwilling groupmates, this was my view as well. That is, until last summer, when I went to the Wolfram Summer Highschool Research Program. The work was rigorous and the learning intense, but it was not the the time spent in lecture halls or coding on my computer which had the biggest impact on me, it was the mathematical discussions in the cafeteria during every meal of the day, drawing with a sharpie on an orange to understand spherical geometry; or the late night scientific arguments in every dorm room of the building, eagerly drawing diagrams, coding simulations, and eating my roommate's Snickers. Finally I had found people with whom collaboration created much more than the sum of it's parts, and from whom I could learn as much as I could teach. The objective of this collaboration turned from checking a box on my formidable list of work into growing my ambitious list of books to read, subjects to learn, and projects to embark on. 
